Adds 2.5.1.1 patch release notes to enterprise changelog (#3343)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/enterprise/changelog.md

  Fixed an issue where the plugin would sometimes fetch data from the cache but not return it.
  [#7775](https://github.com/Kong/kong/pull/7775)

## 2.5.1.1

> **Release Date** 2021/10/21

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Release Date** 2021/10/25
```

### Fixes

#### Enterprise
- This release includes a fix for an issue with the Vitals InfluxDB timestamp generation when inserting metrics.
- Kong Gateway now displays a DEBUG log message alerting users Kong Vitals is not enabled when running Kong Gateway (Enterprise) in "free" mode.
- Fixes an issue where keyring data was not being properly generated and activated
  on a Kong Gateway process start (for example, `kong start`).
- Kong Gateway now returns keyring-encrypted fields early when a decrypt attempt is made, giving you time
  to import the keys so Kong Gateway can recognize the decrypted fields. Before if there were data fields
  keyring-encrypted in the database, Kong Gateway attempted to decrypt them on the `init*` phases (`init` or `init_worker`
  phases - when the Kong process is started), and you would get errors like "no request found".
  **Keys must still be imported after the Kong process is started.**
- The [Keyring Encryption](/enterprise/2.6.x/db-encryption/) feature is no longer in an alpha quality state.

> - When using Redis Cluster with a Kong Gateway plugin and the cluster nodes are configured by hostname,
>   if the entire cluster is rebooted because of new IP addresses, now the connection will eventually self heal once DNS is updated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- When using Redis Cluster with a Kong Gateway plugin and the cluster nodes are configured by hostname,
  if the entire cluster is rebooted and appears on new IP addresses, now the connection will eventually self heal once DNS is updated.
```

Author: will fix

#### Plugins

> - OpenID Connect](/hub/kong-inc/openid-connect) (`openid-connect`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- [OpenID Connect](/hub/kong-inc/openid-connect) (`openid-connect`)
```

Author: will fix
